Update FAQs_Pricing.md (#3870)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: dataminer-overview/FAQ/FAQs_Pricing.md

uid: FAQs_Pricing
---

# Questions related to Commercial models

## General

### What Commercial and Deploy models does Skyline offer?

Commercial models define how you pay for software and determine ownership and usage rights. We offer two models:

- Usage-based services
- Perpetual-use licenses

Deploy or Delivery models determine how that same software is deployed. We offer three models:

- Self-managed on private/public cloud or on-premises
- Software-as-a-Service (SaaS)
- Hybrid: self-managed DataMiner nodes with Storage-as-a-Service (STaaS)

Usage-based services can use any of the deploy models.

Perpetual-use licenses can be fully self-managed (DataMiner nodes and storage nodes) or hybrid.

### Can different commercial models exist in the same organization?

Yes. Licensing and usage are measured at the DMS (DataMiner System) level. An organization can have perpetual licenses on one DMS while running usage-based services on a different DMS.

### Can different commercial models exist in the same DataMiner System?

> Yes, but limited. If a DMS has a perpetual license, it can only use "DataMiner.Services" and "STaaS" from the usage services.

Reviewer: Is "DataMiner.Services" indeed the spelling that should be used here? Usually, this is spelled as "dataminer.services".

Author: you're right, should be dataminer.services

### Can I transition my perpetual licenses into a subscription?

> Yes. Get in touch with your Account Manager.

Reviewer: This comes across as a little unfriendly. Could we rephrase it like this?
```suggestion
Yes. Your Account Manager will be able to provide more information and assist you with this.
```
